Docs refresh + dedicated Wormhole section for EVM developers (#60)
ripple/docs.xrplevm.org: pages/bridge/wormhole/supported-tokens.md

---

> blurb: Tokens supported by Wormhole on the XRPL EVM Sidechain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seo:
  description: Tokens supported by Wormhole on the XRPL EVM Sidechain.
```
